Added 'active' column to gibbonSpace table and changed pages to only show active facilities. (#1777)
GibbonEdu/core: CHANGELOG.txt

        Fast Finder: added facilities as one of the searchable options with the fast finder.
        Messenger: Added search form and school year navigator to Manage Groups page for quicker group browsing.
        System: Replaced session call through $gibbon->session to $session. "$gibbon->session" is now deprecated.

>         Facilities: Added an 'active' column in the gibbonSpace table and changed pages to only show active Facilities.

Reviewer: Here's a slightly less technical way to word this, for the end user who is also often less technical (our commit messages are a good place for more specific wording, since those are more dev-facing)
```suggestion
        Facilities: added the ability to toggle facilities between active and inactive, removing inactive facilities from general use
```
